(Dog barking)
(Bird chirping)
[RINKO]
Takeo!
(Giggling)
HMM!
Oh, uh... What is this?
Thank you so much!
Oh wow! Look at this box.
Did you make that yourself?
She can tell just
by looking at it.
Can I open it?
Sure!
Sorry, I tried to follow
the directions best I could,
but they looked raw.
So I baked them longer
and they kinda looked okay...
And then I baked them
a little more.
And it all went horribly wrong.
I can't eat these!
They're far too
adorably precious!
Ooh...
(Shutter sounds)
I can't just look at them.
You think I should eat 'em?
Well, yeah.
Don't break a tooth.
They are super tasty!
(Nervous chuckle)
You okay?
I was thinking how
nice it is for someone
to eat something I made.
Especially when it's
the girl I love.
(Laughing)
And she seems
to like it.
Takeo. Now you feel
the same way I do.
I so love her.
♪Opening song♪
Did she like
the cookies?
She did!
I really hope you
find someone to fall
in love with soon.
And I hope the girl you
fall for likes to eat burnt,
hand-made rice crackers.
(Laugh) Rice crackers?
Oh, wait, uh...
[TAKEO]
Well, at least a girl who
doesn't mind eating cookies
so terrible they're as
hard as rice crackers.
UH!
Suna, go on
ahead without me.
Sure, I'll see ya later.
HM!
(Whimper)
Something you need?
Eek!
Where are you going?
I asked you a question.
Ah!
[TAKEO]
A letter?
I was hoping to give
that letter to Sunakawa.
Huh?!
I got it!
HRGH!
OH!
Huh?
Oh!
Uh... Sorry if I scared ya.
And I'm sorry I sorta
accidentally read it.
(Embarrassed whimper)
This must be the girl who's
been sending Suna
all those anonymous letters.
And I'm sorry
I got it all wet, too.
Oh?
(Dripping)
I can just write
another one...
EEK!
No! Let me do something
to make up for it.
Just tell me.
Mmm!
'Kay then.
Well if you think of
anything that I can do
to help out, let me know.
See ya!
Huh?!
(Sloshing steps)
T-Takeo!
"Takeo"?
Um... You could...
You could help me get
something off my chest.
Uh, I... I really need to come
clean about me and Sunakawa!
Uh, okay...
I-I'm sure you probably
don't know who I am.
But I know you.
We were in the Cherry Class
together in kindergarten.
I'm Yukika Amami.
Yukika Amami...
HRGGHH!
I-If you don't remember
me, it's... it's okay.
Shhh... I'm thinking...
Hmmm!
You are Yukika Amami!
Yeah...
(Meow)
She's not
saying anything.
She's just sitting there.
Maybe I should break the ice.
Ah-
I'm not very good at that.
But I have to say something!
Hmmm!
Start talking!
(Scared whimper)
AGH!
No, I'm sorry for
making things so weird.
I just have a hard time
talking to boys...
Uh, okay.
Back whenever we'd build
things in the sandbox,
it was always the boys
who would jump in and
kick it all down.
I might've done that...
And they would bring
bugs into class...
That was me.
And they were
always really dirty.
Me again.
With stinky nasty socks...
She's got me nailed.
But y'know...
Sunakawa was always
different from the others.
He just had a certain
air about him.
He would read books a lot,
and I was always curious
about what he was reading.
I would go to the library
and check out the same books
to learn more about him.
Okay...
At lunchtime, Sunakawa was
always clean and never messy.
Oh, and he was really good
at playing dodgeball as well!
He was usually
the last one left.
Even though the other
boys would go after him.
I thought that was amazing.
And then one time
at recess...
Mm! Huh?
Sunakawa, you're out!
[YUKIKA]
I was standing behind him.
I couldn't even see
who threw the ball.
I wasn't paying attention.
If he'd jumped out of the
way, I would've been hit.
Pretty hard, too...
Sounds like him
all right.
Well after the
game was over...
Um, I'm so sorry.
You wouldn't have gotten hit
if it wasn't for me...
Well you're wearing glasses. And
I didn't want you to get hurt.
(GASP)
I fell in love with him!
And I fell so hard.
Well I can
hardly blame you.
And that day was the last
time I have ever spoken
with Makoto Sunakawa.
You haven't talked to him
since way back then?
Mm-hmm.
But that was like
elementary school!
It was in kindergarten...
Kindergarten?!
Since we're freshmen now,
that would make it 10 years.
Holy crap! What have
you been waiting for?!
(Eerily)
I've been watching him.
Huh?!
During school
athletic festivals.
Or when there's not
any festivals...
(Echoing)
I've been watching Sunakawa
live his entire life.
Uh...
And I've gathered as much
information as I can.
And I've read some
tarot cards as well.
She's a fortune-teller?
You should really try to
talk to him.
At least once...
I can barely even talk to
boys in the first place!
Much less to the very boy
that I'm in love with!
So then, what
are you gonna do?
There's nothing
I can do.
I don't have the
courage to talk.
And there's no way I can
confess my love to him.
I've watched him turn
girls down over and over.
Kindergarten, elementary,
middle school, high school...
And each time,
I feel relieved...
If Sunakawa cannot be
mine, then I don't want
him to be with anyone
for as long as he
lives on this Earth.
Was that a curse?!
Each time Valentine's
Day comes around,
I think about trying to
confess my love to him.
And telling him how I feel.
But I've never been brave
enough to write my name...
And since I can't talk
to the person I love,
I'm forever trapped.
Just circling around him.
On the outside looking in.
10 years, huh?
Unbelievable.
Your girlfriend,
Rinko Yamato, she seems
like a very nice person.
Uh! Yeah!
The two of you always look
so happy. And so at ease.
It makes me very jealous.
It must be nice to have someone
to love. And to love you back.
This Valentine's Day,
once again, I couldn't
make myself sign my name.
So I thought that maybe this
time I could try giving him
the letter personally.
But, well, I ended up
carrying it around in my
bag for an entire month,
and never got up the nerve
to actually hand it to him.
He's always so
calm and handsome.
And he never does
anything weird, ya know.
Well that's not true.
I've known the guy a long time
and he can get pretty weird.
[SUNA]
B is for Book.
Boo.
What are you doing?
I thought maybe if I could
teach her the alphabet
then she can start
calling you "brother"...
He's so smart.
And whenever he's with you,
I see him laughing a lot.
It's so unfair...
I wish I lived next door to him.
I wish was his neighbor.
Then we would've waited
for the bus together.
And ridden on
the bus together.
And we could've taken
our baths together.
We don't
really do that. A-at all.
(Creepily)
And take cute kid bathtub
pictures together.
We never did that!
Takeo, I've been jealous
for a very long time.
I see. I'm sorry.
And well, ya know, without
Suna, I'd be pretty upset.
Huh?
He's a pretty cool guy,
isn't he?
Yes, he is. He's perfect.
He's the ideal man.
Ideal...
Look, he may be cool and all,
but he's a normal guy.
He makes mistakes.
You might be
glamorizing him a bit.
No, I'm not.
It's not that the ideal
man is Sunakawa,
but that Sunakawa has shown
me what the ideal man is.
Hmm...
[SUNA]
Takeo?
AHH!
What's going on?
Um, well...
She disappeared!
No wait.
I sense her around
here somewhere...
You going home?
Oh yeah, of course!
Let's get going.
You have some
big feet.
[YURIKO]
Take! How old do you have to get
before you stop coming home
with filthy clothes?
[YUKIKA, FLASHBACK]
It's not that the
ideal man is Sunakawa,
but that Sunakawa has shown
me what the ideal man is.
COMING IN!
Is there something wrong?
No, nothing at all.
Oh my God.
She's always there.
Hey, Suna,
so I've been thinking...
Everyone has like a
big fire inside of them
just burning deep down
in their hearts.
But then they go each day not
ever showing it to anybody else.
Walkin' around hiding it,
like it's not even there.
Well, I don't know if I'd
say that about EVERYONE.
Thanks. Good talk.
Hm?
[YUKIKA]
Takeo!
Huh?
She's out in the open
like a normal person.
I thought about
what you said...
Even though I'm scared,
I think I'm going to try talking
to Sunakawa after all...
[TAKEO]
Alright!
And I'd like...
for you to help me.
Sure!
I've thought of a way where
I can enter into a totally
normal conversation with him
in a totally normal,
not-awkward way.
Cool!
So I'm thinking that
maybe you've gotten
yourself lost somewhere,
and I can come along and point
you in the right direction.
[TAKEO]
Okay...
Seems a little unnecessary.
I don't have the courage
to tell him how I feel.
But it's at least a way
for me to be close to him,
and for him to
associate with me.
You know, our worlds have
been so close for so long,
but they've never
really crossed paths.
They will now. Should we
try to do it this evening?
(Affirmative grunt)
[TAKEO]
Suna goes to the
convenience store
about once every three days.
Yes, I know.
Suna!
Hm?
I totally got lost back
at the train station.
And this nice young lady
here assisted me.
What a nice,
kind lady-person!
That lady-person...
is Yukika Amami.
(Slow gasp)
We've been in school
since kindergarten.
O-oh, uh, yeah.
I love you.
Uh?
Hm?
I love you, Sunakawa!
And the only thing I want
in this whole world
is for you to love me back!
Ah...
(Whimper)
Hey! Wait!
(Sigh)
[SUNA]
Oh.
(Heavy footsteps)
That wasn't the plan!
I thought she was too scared
to tell him how she feels.
Oh well, I guess now
it's out there now.
But where the heck
is she going?!
Look out! HAARGH!
EEEK!
Don't do that! I thought
you were gonna freakin' fall
off the freakin' bridge!
I wish I had fallen...
I wish I'd fallen and cracked
my head on the street below!
This bridge is over a river!
Oh my God, I didn't
mean to tell him that.
Yeah, that was kind
of a surprise.
I had no idea that Sunakawa was
going to remember who I was
But then when he said my name
and I couldn't control myself
and I just blurted it out.
It's gonna be okay...
But what's done is
done, you understand?
Maybe there's a way
to erase all of his
memories or something.
I don't think so.
Or make him think it
was all just a dream.
Not gonna happen!
Yukika, that can't be how
you wanted to tell him.
I mean, don't you want
to at least tell him
in the right way?
[TAKEO]
Think about it.
Did that really get across how
you've been feeling about Suna
for the past ten years?
Don't let that be it!
Yeah, but...
I've been following
him around. It's creepy.
I'm a stalker for God's sake!
He is never going to
say something like that.
(Sniffle)
I'll do it. I'll properly
tell him how I feel...
I'll tell him properly, so he
can properly turn me down...
and it'll be over.
Oh.
He's still here!
Hey, Yukika.
I guess you're the one who's
been giving me chocolate
every Valentine's Day.
Along with a letter
with no name on it?
Yes...
I see. You know if
you had signed it,
I could have told
you thank you.
(Sigh)
Yukika-
Sunakawa!
Don't be mad!
Do you hate me?
No. Yukika, I don't hate you.
Right! 'Course not!
You don't even know me!
I mean you don't know enough
about me to possibly harbor
any sort of ill feelings
towards me, right?
So for the time being, how about
you don't answer that question?
We'll table it for later.
So, how would you like
to get know me better?
You can answer that!
Please answer that!
[TAKEO]
Okay. So I guess that's
one way to go about it.
But please, make up your mind
about what you want to do.
I'm getting confused.
(Exhale)
Okay. Yeah that sounds good.
(Both gasp)
Here. Lemme give you my number.
M'kay!
My schedule's pretty open,
so whenever you want.
Okay, thank you
for doing this!
You don't have to thank me.
I want to.
(Gasp)
Well, I need to
be getting home.
(Deflating sigh)
Wha-? Are you all right?
I have no idea what just
happened. It doesn't feel real!
(Whimper)
Yeah, kinda caught
me off guard too.
But good for you, right?
It's not over yet.
Okay.
[TAKEO]
After holding it
in for 10 years,
and you finally share it,
it couldn't just end.
I'm glad you weren't
properly turned down.
Hm?
I'm coming in!
Huh?
Suna, why didn't
you turn her away?
Did she really convince you?
Yeah, well,
something like that.
Uh... What?
Maybe... I'm just intrigued.
What?
Actually, what were you doing
together with her anyway?
Oh, yeah. Like some stuff
happened, and you know.
I think I get
the general idea.
So I hear that you're
pretty good at dodgeball.
What?
Especially the
dodging part.
Huh?
Yukika told me.
Oh, alright...
I have no idea what
he's thinking about.
(Laugh)
What's the deal?
Well, I just remembered how
you used to play dodgeball.
How's that?
Well, you... you always
went right after
the strongest player,
and no one else.
(Kids grunting)
You always ended up in a hurling
match between just two people.
Even if the other guy targeted
some other player,
you'd come flying
in from the side.
(Kids chanting)
To be honest, I don't think you
were playing the same game
as the rest of us.
I used to do
stuff like that?
Yes you did, man,
all the time.
(Laughing)
I see.
Suna really does pay attention
to everyone around him.
But he still never realized
that Yukika was in love with
him for the past decade.
I think I'll keep
that to myself.
Given enough time,
I'm sure Yukika will talk
to him about it eventually.
She's here!
(Beeping)
Takeo?
No, don't worry, Suna.
It's nothing.
(Beeping)
Come on! Are you gonna
say hello or what?
AH! (Whimper)
[TAKEO]
Does she need an opening?
An opportunity? I gotcha!
HUURGH! HAH!
All right, Yukika!
He's headed your way!
AHH!
What are you
doing over there?!
(Beeping)
Pardon me, Suna, but
wait here for a second.
Sure...
Yu-ki-ka!
There you are!
AHHHH!
Stop doing this!
What are you doing?
I thought you wanted Suna
to learn more about you!
I'm sorry!
Then do it! Go show
him who you are!
O-okay!
Suna!
Here's Yukika. You
need to walk her home!
Oh, sure.
So, Yukika, do you
live over this way?
Uh, yes...
Best of luck.
I hope you can tell him.
Hm?
[TAKEO]
You don't have to stay
so far away from him.
Yukika, we still headed
in the right direction?
Uh, yeah...
Hm... He's walking
a lot slower
than we normally do.
I have to take the train
from here. How about you?
No, I don't...
Kay, then I'll see ya...
See ya.
Hey! I thought you were
gonna give him the chance
to learn more about you.
I-I'm sorry! ,/
Uh... I was having
a hard enough time
just breathing
next to him.
Sunakawa was...
THE Sunakawa was standing next
to me and talking to me!
Sunakawa...
What?! Snap out of it!
(Phone rings)
Oh?
[RINKO]
Takeo? It's me.
Where are you right now?
I'm out at Shuei Station.
Really? What are
you doing there?
Well- AHH!
Hang on just a second.
Sure.
Hey, uh, I need to explain
the situation to Ms. Yamato.
I'm not good at lying or keeping
secrets and stuff like that.
And I'm not gonna start now.
(Gasp)
Yes, of course!
Please tell her!
Alright! Thanks!
Here's the deal.
Right now, I'm helping
a girl named Yukika
who is secretly
in love with Suna.
[RINKO]
Oh, okay. But, um, should
you be telling me this?
If she would, I'd
really like her advice.
(Inaudible)
Yukika, ten years is
a really long time!
Yeah, but the way
things were going
I thought now she'd be
able to talk to him.
But it's not really
working out that way.
It's just impossible.
Every time I open my mouth,
I think I'm gonna puke.
Oh, I know what you mean!
When I first met Takeo,
I got so nervous
I didn't even know
what to do with myself!
I just stood outside his front
door for the longest time
because I couldn't bring
myself to ring the doorbell.
And when I called him
on the phone, my heart
was pounding so hard
I had trouble hitting
the right buttons!
(Laughing)
[TAKEO]
Is that true? I had no idea.
I was a complete wreck, myself.
I can't believe how lucky I am.
When you're having trouble
talking about something,
try smiling or laughing!
I'm not what you'd
call a big laugher.
Then what about writing
or maybe texting him?
Yeah well, I've only
done that anonymously.
Okay...
Let's see.
What could you do?
Maybe the two of them just need
to go out somewhere together.
I mean, it's fun to
go see new things
with the people you like, right?
That's it!
You nailed it, Takeo!
Actually going out
with Sunakawa?!
Coming in! Did you get
a text from anyone?
Uh. Uh, no...
(Phone vibrates)
Oh, I just got one.
This is Yukika Amami.
Thank you for earlier.
Would you like to go
to the zoo sometime?
We can go with Mr. Goda
and Ms. Yamato.
If this interests you,
please let me know what
days you have free.
A little stiff,
but not bad.
You're in my space.
She wants the
two of you
to go to the
zoo with us.
You okay with that?
Oh yeah? Yeah, sure thing!
You knew, huh?
Hmm?!
Well, whatever.
So I guess we'll
all go together.
Cool.
Good for you, Yukika.
Suna, are you sure
you're okay with this?
Okay with what?
If you don't want
to do any of this...
It's okay for you to say no.
Your feelings are
important here, too.
If I didn't want to,
I wouldn't go.
So you're not
against it?
'Course not.
That's freakin' amazing!
If you say so.
Well, I'm good
to go whenever,
so just lemme
know what she says.
Will do.
[TAKEO]
Suna... said yes.
Well done, Yukika.
And good luck.
♪Closing song♪
[SUNA]
Next episode:
The Letter for Me.